1: What is the product identifier?
{"answer": "ANTIFREEZE", "source": "Section I. Product and Company Identification"}

2: When was the Safety Data Sheet issued?
{"answer": "Section I. Chemical Product and Company Identification", "source": "Material Safety Data Sheet"}

3: What is the product description?
{"answer": "Ethylene Glycol Based Antifreeze", "source": "Section XI. Toxicological Information"}

4: Who is the manufacturer of the product?
{"answer": "Petro-Canada", "source": "Section XV. Regulatory Information"}

5: What is the emergency telephone number for the product?
{"answer": "Consult local telephone directory for emergency number(s)", "source": "In case of Emergency"}

6: What are the hazard classifications associated with the product?
{"answer": "Fire Hazard, Health Hazard, Reactivity", "source": "Section I. Chemical Product and Company Identification"}

7: What is the signal word used for the product?
{"answer": "Insignificant Fire Hazard, Slight Health Hazard", "source": "Section I. Chemical Product and Company Identification, Section II. Composition and Information on Ingredients"}

8: What are the hazard statements related to the product?
{"answer": "Harmful if swallowed. Toxic in contact with skin and if inhaled.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification."}

9: What precautions should be taken while handling the product?
{"answer": "Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. Eye protection should be determined based on conditions of use. If product is used in an application where splashing may occur, the use of safety goggles and/or a face shield should be considered.", "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

10: What are the first aid measures in case of inhalation?
{"answer": "Evacuate the victim to a safe area as soon as possible. If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

11: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer": "Remove contaminated clothing - launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

12: What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?
{"answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

13: What are the first aid measures in case of ingestion?
{"answer": "DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

14: What are the suitable extinguishing media for a fire involving the product?
{"answer": "DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam for SMALL FIRE. Water spray, fog or foam for LARGE FIRE. Do NOT use water jet.", "source": "Section I. Chemical Product and Company Identification, Section V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

15: What are the special hazards arising from the substance during a fire?
{"answer": "Carbon oxides (CO, CO2), smoke and irritating vapours as products of incomplete combustion.", "source": "Section V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

16: Are there any special fire handling procedures required for the product?
{"answer": "SMALL FIRE: Use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam. LARGE FIRE: Use water spray, fog or foam. DO NOT use water jet.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification., Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

17: How should accidental releases, spill, or leak of the product be handled?
{"answer": "Dilute with water and mop up or absorb with an inert DRY material and place in an appropriate waste disposal container. Absorb with an inert material and put the spilled material in an appropriate waste disposal", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures, Material Release or Spill"}

18: What precautions should be taken for safe handling and storage of the product?
{"answer": "Keep container dry. Keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place. Avoid contamination with reactive substances. Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn.", "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

19: What are the exposure controls and personal protection measures recommended for the product?
{"answer": "Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. Use NIOSH approved respirators when necessary. Eye protection should be determined based on conditions of use, such as the presence of splashing.", "source": "Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

20: What are the physical and chemical properties of the product?
{"answer": "Clear viscous liquid. 0% (w/w), 1.115 to 1.145 (Water = 1), 2.1 (Air=1), 0.06 mmHg @ 20°C (68ºF). Soluble in water, methanol and diethyl ether. Odourless. Green. Colour", "source": "Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

21: Is the product stable or reactive? Are there any hazardous reactions to be aware of?
{"answer": "The product is stable. However, there are hazardous reactions to be aware of: May release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition. Reactive with oxidizing agents, acids and alkalis.", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

22: What are the possible hazardous decomposition products of the product?
{"answer": "COx, smoke and irritating vapours as products of incomplete combustion", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

23: What is the toxicological information available for the product?
{"answer": "Slightly hazardous in case of eye contact (irritant), Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion, Slightly hazardous in case of inhalation (lung irritant). Can cause nausea, headaches and vomiting, Slightly hazardous in case of skin contact (irritant).", "source": "Section XI. Toxicological Information"}

24: What are the safety precautions and handling instructions for using the product?
{"answer": "Dilute with water and mop up or absorb with an inert DRY material and place in an appropriate waste disposal container for small spills. Absorb with an inert material and put the spilled material in an appropriate waste disposal for large spills. Store in a cool, well-ventilated place. Avoid contamination with reactive substances. Wash hands thoroughly with soap and water after handling. Wear chemically protective gloves, heat resistant and insulated if handling hot product. Use NIOSH approved respirators when concentrations exceed occupational exposure limits. Wear long sleeves and trousers to prevent skin contact. Use safety glasses or face shield to protect eyes from splashing.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures, Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

25: What are the potential hazards associated with the product?
{"answer": "slight irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract, extremely dangerous in case of ingestion, slight hazardous in case of eye contact, inhalation and skin contact.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification, Section XI. Toxicological Information"}

26: What are the specific health effects or risks associated with exposure to the product?
{"answer": "Can cause slight irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract. Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification."}

27: What are the emergency procedures in case of inhalation of the product?
{"answer": "Evacuate the victim to a safe area as soon as possible. If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification, Section IV. First Aid Measures"}

28: What are the emergency procedures in case of skin contact with the product?
{"answer": "Remove contaminated clothing - launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification"}

29: What are the emergency procedures in case of eye contact with the product?
{"answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III. Hazards Identification"}

30: What are the emergency procedures in case of ingestion of the product?
{"answer": "DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"}

31: What is the waste disposal method for the product?
{"answer": "recycle or reprocess; incineration with energy recovery; disposal at licensed waste disposal facility.", "source": "Section XIII. Disposal Considerations"}

32: Are there any specific storage requirements or conditions for safely storing the product?
{"answer": "Keep container dry. Keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place.", "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures, Section VII. Handling and Storage"}

33: What is the shelf life of the product?
{
  "answer": "Not available",
  "source": "Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"
}

34: What are the composition and ingredients of the product?
{"answer": "Ethylene glycol, Sodium tetraborate pentahydrate", "source": "Section II. Composition and Information on Ingredients"}

35: Are there any known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials?
{"answer": "May release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition. Reactive with oxidizing agents, acids and alkalis.", "source": "Section X. Stability and Reactivity"}

36: What is the odor of the product?
{"answer": "Odourless. Odour", "source": "Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

37: What is the boiling point of the product?
{"answer": "0% (w/w)", "source": "Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

38: Is the product flammable?
{"answer": "Yes, flammable at high temperature.", "source": "Section V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

39: What is the solubility of the product?
{"answer": "Soluble in water, methanol and diethyl ether.", "source": "Section IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

40: Is the product stable under certain conditions, and are there any potential decomposition products?
{
  "answer": "Yes, the product is stable. However, may release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.",
  "source": "Section VI. Accidental Release Measures"
}

41: What are the recommended engineering controls, personal protective equipment (PPE), and respiratory protection for handling the product?
{
  "answer": "Make-up air should always be supplied to balance air removed by exhaust ventilation. Special ventilation is not necessary for normal application. Use ventilation to keep exposure to airborne contaminants below the exposure limit if user's operations generate vapours or mist. NIOSH approved respirators may be necessary to prevent overexposure by inhalation.",
  "source": "Section VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"
}

42: Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?
{
  "answer": "Preferred waste management priorities are: (1) recycle or reprocess; (2) incineration with energy recovery; (3) disposal at licensed waste disposal facility.",
  "source": "Section XIII. Disposal Considerations"
}

43: Can the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition be disclosed for the product?
{"answer": "Yes, all components of this formulation are listed on the CEPA-DSL (Domestic Substances List), US EPA-TSCA Inventory, and DSD/DPD (EEC)", "source": "Section XV. Regulatory Information"}

