1: What is the product identifier?
{"answer": "ANTIFREEZE", "source": "Section I.I."}

2: When was the Safety Data Sheet issued?
{"answer": "7/3/2001", "source": "Section VIII.VIII."}

3: What is the product description?
{"answer": "ANTIFREEZE", "source": "Section XI.XI" }

4: Who is the manufacturer of the product?
{"answer": "Petro-Canada - Trademark", "source": "Section XVI.XVI"}

5: What is the emergency telephone number for the product?
{"answer": "Consult local telephone directory for emergency number(s), 403-296-3000", "source": "In case of Emergency"}

6: What are the hazard classifications associated with the product?
{
  "answer": "Fire Hazard, ReactivityHealth Hazard, Toxicological Information",
  "source": "Section I.I. Chemical Product and Company Identification, Section IIII. Composition and Information on Ingredients, Section XI.XI. Toxicological Information"
}

7: What is the signal word used for the product?
{"answer": "Not evaluated.", "source": "ADR (Europe)"}

8: What are the hazard statements related to the product?
{"answer": "Fire Hazard, Health Hazard, Reactivity", "source": "Section I.I. Chemical Product and Company Identification, Section II.II. Composition and Information on Ingredients"}

9: What precautions should be taken while handling the product?
{"answer": "Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves, wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact, eye protection (i.e., safety glasses, safety goggles and/or face shield) should be determined based on conditions of use. Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin. Make-up air should always be supplied to balance air removed by exhaust ventilation. Ensure that eyewash station and safety shower are close to work-station.", "source": "Section VIII, Section VII"}

10: What are the first aid measures in case of inhalation?
{"answer": "Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III"}

11: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer": "Remove contaminated clothing - launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap.", "source": "Section IV.IV. First Aid Measures"}

12: What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?
{"answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section IV.IV"}

13: What are the first aid measures in case of ingestion?
{"answer": "DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III.III"}

14: What are the suitable extinguishing media for a fire involving the product?
{"answer": "water spray, fog or foam. DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam.", "source": "Section IV.IV. First Aid Measures, Section V.V. Fire-fighting Measures"}

15: What are the special hazards arising from the substance during a fire?
{"answer": "Carbon oxides (CO, CO2), smoke and irritating vapours as products of incomplete combustion.", "source": "Section IV.IV. First Aid Measures"}

16: Are there any special fire handling procedures required for the product?
{"answer": "Use DRY chemicals, CO2, water spray or foam for SMALL FIRE and water spray, fog or foam for LARGE FIRE; DO NOT use water jet.", "source": "Section IV.IV. First Aid Measures"}

17: How should accidental releases, spill, or leak of the product be handled?
{"answer": "Small spill or leak: Dilute with water and mop up or absorb with an inert DRY material and place in an appropriate waste disposal container. Large spill or leak: Absorb with an inert material and put the spilled material in an appropriate waste disposal.", "source": "Section VI.VI. Accidental Release Measures, Material Release or Spill"}

18: What precautions should be taken for safe handling and storage of the product?
{"answer": "Keep container dry. Keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place.Avoid contamination with reactive substances. Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin.", "source": "Section VI.VI. Accidental Release Measures, Section VII.VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII.XIII."}

19: What are the exposure controls and personal protection measures recommended for the product?
{"answer": "Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves, long sleeves and trousers to prevent skin contact. Wear eye protection (i.e., safety glasses, safety goggles and/or face shield). Respirators may be necessary in case of inhalation overexposure. Keep the container dry, tightly closed and in a cool well-ventilated place. After handling, wash hands thoroughly with soap and water. Ensure proper ventilation if operations generate vapours or mist.", "source": "Section VIII.VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

20: What are the physical and chemical properties of the product?
{"answer": "Clear viscous liquid. Boiling Point: Not available. Volatility: 0.06 mmHg @ 20°C (68ºF). Density: 1.115 to 1.145 (Water = 1), 2.1 (Air=1). Vapour Pressure: Not applicable. Odour Threshold: Not available. Odour: Odourless. Colour: Green. Dropping Point: Not applicable. Penetration: Not applicable. Viscosity: Not available. Pour Point: Not available. Softening Point: 129 to 197°C (264 to 387°F).", "source": "Section IX.IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

21: Is the product stable or reactive? Are there any hazardous reactions to be aware of?
{"answer": "The product is stable. However, it is reactive with oxidizing agents, acids and alkanis, and may release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.", "source": "Section IX.IX. Physical and Chemical Properties, Section X.X. Stability and Reactivity"}

22: What are the possible hazardous decomposition products of the product?
{"answer": "COx, smoke and irritating vapours", "source": "Section X.X. Stability and Reactivity"}

23: What is the toxicological information available for the product?
{"answer": "Chronic or Other Toxic Effects: Dermal Route: In case of eye contact (irritant), inhalation (lung irritant) and skin contact (irritant), it may cause nausea, headaches and vomiting. Slightly hazardous in case of dermal and inhalation routes. Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion. It can also be toxic to kidneys and liver and produce target organs damage on repeated exposure.", "source": "Section XI.XI. Toxicological Information"}

24: What are the safety precautions and handling instructions for using the product?
{"answer": "Keep container dry. Keep container tightly closed. Keep in a cool, well-ventilated place. Avoid contamination with reactive substances. After handling, always wash hands thoroughly with soap and water. Wear appropriate footwear to prevent product from coming in contact with feet and skin. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn.", "source": "Section VI.VI, Section VII.VII, Section VIII.XX"}

25: What are the potential hazards associated with the product?
{"answer": "Slight irritation of skin, eyes and respiratory tract, Extremely dangerous in case of ingestion, Eye irritation/Inflammation, Nausea, headaches and vomiting, Slightly hazardous in case of inhalation, Slight hazard to skin contact", "source": "Section III.III. Hazards Identification, Section XI.XI. Toxicological Information"}

26: What are the specific health effects or risks associated with exposure to the product?
{"answer": "Eye irritation, skin contact causing slight irritation, respiratory tract irritation, nausea, headaches, vomiting, and target organs damage to kidneys and liver.", "source": "Section III.Hazards Identification and Section XI.Toxicological Information"}

27: What are the emergency procedures in case of inhalation of the product?
{"answer": "Evacuate the victim to a safe area as soon as possible. If the victim is not breathing, perform artificial respiration. Allow the victim to rest in a well ventilated area.", "source": "Section III.III"}

28: What are the emergency procedures in case of skin contact with the product?
{"answer": "Remove contaminated clothing - launder before reuse. Wash gently and thoroughly the contaminated skin with running water and non-abrasive soap. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III.III"}

29: What are the emergency procedures in case of eye contact with the product?
{"answer": "IMMEDIATELY flush eyes with running water for at least 15 minutes, keeping eyelids open. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III.III. Hazards Identification."}

30: What are the emergency procedures in case of ingestion of the product?
{"answer": "DO NOT induce vomiting because of danger of aspirating liquid into lungs. Seek medical attention.", "source": "Section III.III"}

31: What is the waste disposal method for the product?
{"answer": "Recycle or reprocess, incineration with energy recovery, disposal at licensed waste disposal facility", "source": "Section XIII.XIII. Disposal Considerations"}

32: Are there any specific storage requirements or conditions for safely storing the product?
{"answer": "Keep container dry, tightly closed and in a cool, well-ventilated place.", "source": "Section VI.VI. Accidental Release Measures and Section VII.VII. Handling and Storage"}

33: What is the shelf life of the product?
{"answer": "The product is stable. Not applicable.", "source": "Section X.X. Stability and Reactivity"}

34: What are the composition and ingredients of the product?
{"answer": "Ethylene Glycol", "source": "Section XI.XI"}

35: Are there any known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials?
{"answer": "Reactive with oxidizing agents, acids and alkalis; May release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.", "source": "Section X.X. Stability and Reactivity; Section XI.XI. Toxicological Information"}

36: What is the odor of the product?
{"answer": "Odourless.", "source": "Section IX.IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

37: What is the boiling point of the product?
{"answer": "0% (w/w)1.115 to 1.145 (Water = 1)", "source": "Physical State and Appearance"}

38: Is the product flammable?
{"answer": "Combustible in presence of open flames and sparks.", "source": "Section IV.IV. First Aid Measures"}

39: What is the solubility of the product?
{"answer": "Soluble in water, methanol and diethyl ether.", "source": "Section IX.IX. Physical and Chemical Properties"}

40: Is the product stable under certain conditions, and are there any potential decomposition products?
{"answer": "The product is stable, but may release COx, smoke and irritating vapours when heated to decomposition.", "source": "Section X.X. Stability and Reactivity"}

41: What are the recommended engineering controls, personal protective equipment (PPE), and respiratory protection for handling the product?
{"answer": "For normal application, special ventilation is not necessary. If user's operations generate vapours or mist, use ventilation to keep exposure to airborne contaminants below the exposure limit. Wear appropriate chemically protective gloves. When handling hot product ensure gloves are heat resistant and insulated. Where concentrations in air may exceed the occupational exposure limits given in Section 2 (and those applicable to your area) and where engineering, work practices or other means of exposure reduction are not adequate, NIOSH approved respirators may be necessary to prevent overexposure by inhalation. Wear appropriate clothing to prevent skin contact. As a minimum long sleeves and trousers should be worn.", "source": "Section VII.VII. Handling and Storage, Section VIII.VIII. Exposure Controls/Personal Protection"}

42: Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?
{"answer": "Preferred waste management priorities are: (1) recycle or reprocess; (2) incineration with energy recovery; (3) disposal at licensed waste disposal facility.", "source": "Section XIII.XIII. Disposal Considerations"}

43: Can the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition be disclosed for the product?
{"answer": "Yes, all components of this formulation are listed on the CEPA-DSL (Domestic Substances List) and US EPA-TSCA Inventory.", "source": "Section XV.XV. Regulatory Information"}

