1: What is the product identifier?
{"answer": "CITGO No. 2 Diesel Fuel, Low Sulfur, All Grades", "source": "Section 1: Identification"}

2: When was the Safety Data Sheet issued?
{"answer": "7/29/2015. 14/15", "source": "Date of issue/Date of revision"}

3: What is the product description?
{"answer": "CITGO No. 2 Diesel Fuel, Low Sulfur, All Grades", "source": "Section 16: Other information"}

4: Who is the manufacturer of the product?
{"answer": "CITGO Petroleum Corporation", "source": "Section 16. Other information"}

5: What is the emergency telephone number for the product?
{"answer": "(832) 486-4700", "source": "Medical Emergency"}

6: What are the hazard classifications associated with the product?
{"answer": "FLAMMABLE LIQUIDS - Category 3, ACUTE TOXICITY: INHALATION - Category 4, SKIN CORROSION/IRRITATION - Category 2, SERIOUS EYE DAMAGE/ EYE IRRITATION - Category 2B, CARCINOGENICITY - Category 2, SPECIFIC TARGET ORGAN TOXICITY (REPEATED EXPOSURE) [central nervous system (CNS)] - Category 2, ASPIRATION HAZARD - Category 1", "source": "Section 2. Hazards identification"}

7: What is the signal word used for the product?
{"answer": "Danger", "source": "Section 2. Hazards identification"}

8: What are the hazard statements related to the product?
{"answer": "Flammable liquid and vapor, Harmful if inhaled, Causes skin and eye irritation, Suspected of causing cancer, May be fatal if swallowed and enters airways, May cause damage to organs through prolonged or repeated exposure.", "source": "Hazard statements"}

9: What precautions should be taken while handling the product?
{"answer": "Obtain special instructions before use. Wear protective gloves and eye/face protection. Use personal protective equipment as required. Keep away from heat, sparks, open flames and hot surfaces. Do not breathe vapor. Use explosion-proof electrical, ventilating, lighting and all material-handling equipment. Use only non-sparking tools. Take precautionary measures against static discharge. Keep container tightly closed. Use only outdoors or in a well-ventilated area. Do not reuse empty containers. Wash hands thoroughly after handling.", "source": "Prevention, Special precautions for safe handling"}

10: What are the first aid measures in case of inhalation?
{"answer": "Harmful if inhaled. Long-term exposure to diesel engine exhaust may cause cancer. May be fatal if swallowed and enters airways. Irritating to mouth, throat and stomach.", "source": "Section 4. First aid measures"}

11: What are the first aid measures in case of skin contact?
{"answer": "Causes skin irritation.", "source": "Skin contact"}

12: What are the first aid measures in case of eye contact?
{"answer": "Causes eye irritation.", "source": "Eye contact"}

13: What are the first aid measures in case of ingestion?
{"answer": "If ingested, this material presents a significant aspiration and chemical pneumonitis hazard. Induction of emesis is not recommended. Consider activated charcoal and/or gastric lavage. If patient is obtunded, protect the airway by cuffed endotracheal intubation or by placement of the body in a Trendelenburg and left lateral decubitus position.", "source": "Section 4. First aid measures"}

14: What are the suitable extinguishing media for a fire involving the product?
{"answer": "dry chemical, carbon dioxide (CO₂), water spray (fog) or foam.", "source": "Section 5. Fire-fighting measures"}

15: What are the special hazards arising from the substance during a fire?
{"answer": "Flammable liquid and vapor. A pressure increase will occur and the container may burst, with the risk of a subsequent explosion. The vapor/gas is heavier than air and will spread along the ground. Vapors may accumulate in low or confined areas or travel a considerable distance to a source of ignition and flash back. Runoff to sewer may create fire or explosion hazard.", "source": "Section 5. Fire-fighting measures"}

16: Are there any special fire handling procedures required for the product?
{"answer": "Yes, use water spray to keep fire-exposed containers cool and avoid using water jet.", "source": "Section 5. Fire-fighting measures and Section 9. Special fighting procedures"}

17: How should accidental releases, spill, or leak of the product be handled?
{"answer": "For small spills: Dilute with water and mop up if water-soluble. Alternatively, or if water-insoluble, absorb with an inert dry material and place in an appropriate waste disposal container. Dispose of via a licensed waste disposal contractor. For large spills: Stop leak if without risk. Move containers from spill area. Use spark-proof tools and explosion-proof equipment.", "source": "Section 5 and Section 6"}

18: What precautions should be taken for safe handling and storage of the product?
{"answer": "Use explosion-proof electrical equipment, non-sparking tools, and take measures against electrostatic discharges; keep away from heat, sparks, open flames, and hot surfaces; use personal protective equipment; wash hands thoroughly after handling; store in a segregated area protected from direct sunlight, incompatible materials, and food and drink; maintain all storage tanks according to applicable regulations", "source": "Section 7. Handling and Storage, Precautionary statements"}

19: What are the exposure controls and personal protection measures recommended for the product?
{"answer": "Use a properly fitted, air-purifying or supplied-air respirator complying with an approved standard; chemical-resistant gloves complying with an approved standard; safety glasses equipped with side shields and splash goggles if necessary; wash hands thoroughly after handling; ensure that eyewash stations and safety showers are close to the workstation location; appropriate footwear and other skin protection measures based on the task being performed and the risks involved.", "source": "Section 8. Exposure controls/personal protection"}

20: What are the physical and chemical properties of the product?
{"answer": "Liquid. Melting point: -30 to -18°C (-22 to -0.4°F). Vapor pressure: 0.845 [Air = 1]0.27 kPa (2 mm Hg) [room temperature]. Relative density: 0.845. Vapor density: 0.27 kPa (2 mm Hg). Solubility: Very slightly soluble in cold water. Characteristic odor. pH Not available. Color: Colorless to light yellow or red. Evaporation rate <1. Auto-ignition temperature: 254 to 285°C (489.2 to 545°F). Flash point: Closed cup: 52°C (125.6°F) [Pensky-Martens]. Viscosity Kinematic (room temperature): 0.03 cm2/s (3 cSt). Boiling point/boiling range: 282 to 338°C (539.6 to 640.4°F).", "source": "Section 9. Physical and chemical properties"}

21: Is the product stable or reactive? Are there any hazardous reactions to be aware of?
{"answer": "The product is stable. However, there is a possibility of hazardous reactions under non-equilibrium conditions and incompatibility with certain materials.", "source": "Section 10. Reactivity and Section 11. Toxicological information"}

22: What are the possible hazardous decomposition products of the product?
{"answer": "Oxides of carbon and/or hydrogen.", "source": "Section 8. Exposure controls/personal protection"}

23: What is the toxicological information available for the product?
{"answer": "May be fatal if swallowed and enters airways. Irritating to mouth, throat and stomach., May cause damage to organs through prolonged or repeated exposure. Suspected of causing cancer., No known significant effects or critical hazards.", "source": "Section 11. Toxicological information"}

24: What are the safety precautions and handling instructions for using the product?
{"answer": "Obtain special instructions before use. Do not handle until all safety precautions have been read and understood. Use personal protective equipment as required. Wear protective gloves. Wear eye or face protection. Keep away from heat, sparks, open flames and hot surfaces. - No smoking. Use explosion-proof electrical, ventilating, lighting and all material-handling equipment. Use only non-sparking tools. Take precautionary measures against static discharge. Keep container tightly closed. Use only outdoors or in a well-ventilated area. Do not breathe vapor. Wash hands thoroughly after handling.", "source": "Prevention"}

25: What are the potential hazards associated with the product?
{"answer": "FLAMMABLE LIQUIDS - Category 3, ACUTE TOXICITY: INHALATION - Category 4, SKIN CORROSION/IRRITATION - Category 2, SERIOUS EYE DAMAGE/ EYE IRRITATION - Category 2B, CARCINOGENICITY - Category 2, SPECIFIC TARGET ORGAN TOXICITY (REPEATED EXPOSURE) [central nervous system (CNS)] - Category 2, ASPIRATION HAZARD - Category 1", "source": "Section 2. Hazards identification"}

26: What are the specific health effects or risks associated with exposure to the product?
{"answer": "nausea or vomiting, irritation, redness, pain or irritation, watering, redness, harmful if inhaled, may be fatal if swallowed and enters airways, long-term exposure to diesel engine exhaust may cause cancer", "source": "Section 11. Toxicological information, Section 7. Handling and storage"}

27: What are the emergency procedures in case of inhalation of the product?
{"answer": "If inhalation occurs, move to fresh air. Do not induce vomiting. Provide artificial respiration or oxygen by trained personnel.", "source": "Section 4: First aid measures and Section 6: Accidental release measures"}

28: What are the emergency procedures in case of skin contact with the product?
{"answer": "Wash hands thoroughly after handling and if skin contact occurs, wash area with soap and water.", "source": "Section 4. First aid measures, Skin contact"}

29: What are the emergency procedures in case of eye contact with the product?
{"answer": "flush eyes with water and seek medical attention.", "source": "Eye contact in Section 4. First aid measures."}

30: What are the emergency procedures in case of ingestion of the product?
{"answer": "Get medical attention immediately. Call a poison center or physician. Wash out mouth with water. Do not induce vomiting. If unconscious, place in recovery position and get medical attention immediately. Maintain an open airway. Loosen tight clothing such as a collar, tie, belt or waistband.", "source": "Section 4"}

31: What is the waste disposal method for the product?
{"answer": "Dispose of via a licensed waste disposal contractor. Contaminated absorbent material may pose the same hazard as the spilled product. Note: see Section 1 for emergency contact information and Section 13 for waste disposal.", "source": "Section 11, Section 13"}

32: Are there any specific storage requirements or conditions for safely storing the product?
{"answer": "Store in original container protected from direct sunlight in a dry, cool and well-ventilated area, away from incompatible materials (see Section 10) and food and drink. Store locked up. Eliminate all ignition sources. Separate from oxidizing materials. Keep container tightly closed and sealed until ready for use.", "source": "Section 7. Handling and storage"}

33: What is the shelf life of the product?
{"answer": "stable under normal conditions of storage and use", "source": "Chemical stability"}

34: What are the composition and ingredients of the product?
{"answer": "Trimethylbenzene, all isomers; Ethyltoluene; Naphthalene; Ethylbenzene; Cumene; Benzene, 1-methylethyl-; Trimethyl benzene (mixed isomers); Ethylmethylnaphthenes; Benzene, ethylmethyl-", "source": "Section 15. Regulatory information, Section 8."}

35: Are there any known hazardous reactions or incompatibilities with other substances or materials?
{"answer": "Incompatible with oxidizing materials. May cause damage to organs through prolonged or repeated exposure and suspected of causing cancer when reacting with heavier than air vapors.", "source": "Section 6: Chemical stability, Section 11: Toxicological information, Section 7: Handling and storage"}

36: What is the odor of the product?
{"answer": "Characteristic. Odor", "source": "Section 9. Physical and chemical properties"}

37: What is the boiling point of the product?
{"answer": "282 to 338°C (539.6 to 640.4°F)", "source": "Section 9. Physical and chemical properties"}

38: Is the product flammable?
{"answer": "Yes", "source": "Section 5. Fire-fighting measures"}

39: What is the solubility of the product?
{"answer": "Very slightly soluble in cold water.", "source": "Section 9. Physical and chemical properties"}

40: Is the product stable under certain conditions, and are there any potential decomposition products?
{"answer": "The product is stable under normal conditions of storage and use. However, hazardous decomposition products should not be produced under normal conditions of storage and use.", "source": "Section 10. Stability and reactivity"}

41: What are the recommended engineering controls, personal protective equipment (PPE), and respiratory protection for handling the product?
{"answer": "explosion-proof ventilation equipment, chemical-resistant gloves, safety glasses with side shields, splash goggles, full-face respirator, process enclosures, local exhaust ventilation, non-sparking tools, proper bonding and grounding of containers", "source": "Exposure controls/personal protection, Eye/face protection, Respiratory protection"}

42: Are there any specific environmental precautions or considerations for the disposal of the product or its containers?
{"answer": "Dispose of via a licensed waste disposal contractor. Absorbent material e.g. sand, earth, vermiculite or diatomaceous earth and place in container for disposal according to local regulations.", "source": "Section 5, Section 13"}

43: Can the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition be disclosed for the product?
{"answer": "No, the specific chemical identity or exact percentage of the composition may not be applicable for the product if it is used as a component in another product.", "source": "Section 1 and Section 15"}

